com/newbie/core/annotations/DomainFactory.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.DomainFactory
com/newbie/constants/NewbieBootInfraConstants.java
 com.newbie.constants.NewbieBootInfraConstants
com/newbie/core/config/ApplicationWebConfigurer.java
 com.newbie.core.config.ApplicationWebConfigurer
com/newbie/endpoint/NewbieBootVersionEndpoint.java
 com.newbie.endpoint.NewbieBootVersionEndpoint
com/newbie/core/datasource/DynamicDataSourceRegister.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.DynamicDataSourceRegister
com/newbie/core/annotations/DomainEntity.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.DomainEntity
com/newbie/core/config/WebFilterConfiguration.java
 com.newbie.core.config.WebFilterConfiguration
com/newbie/context/CurrentUserContext.java
 com.newbie.context.CurrentUserContext
 com.newbie.context.CurrentUserContext$CurrentUserContextBuilder
com/newbie/core/datasource/aop/CustomLineFormat.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.aop.CustomLineFormat
com/newbie/core/annotations/UpdatedId.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.UpdatedId
com/newbie/core/aop/UserInfoForDubboFilter.java
 com.newbie.core.aop.UserInfoForDubboFilter
com/newbie/core/aop/UserInfoForWebFilter.java
 com.newbie.core.aop.UserInfoForWebFilter
com/newbie/core/annotations/DomainAggregate.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.DomainAggregate
com/newbie/swagger/SwaggerProperties.java
 com.newbie.swagger.SwaggerProperties
com/newbie/core/persistent/mybaits/CommonServiceImpl.java
 com.newbie.core.persistent.mybaits.CommonServiceImpl
com/newbie/core/dubbo/validation/ValidateInfoBuilder.java
 com.newbie.core.dubbo.validation.ValidateInfoBuilder
com/newbie/core/datasource/DynamicDataSource.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.DynamicDataSource
com/newbie/core/persistent/mybaits/MybatisConfig.java
 com.newbie.core.persistent.mybaits.MybatisConfig
com/newbie/launcher/StartEventListener.java
 com.newbie.launcher.StartEventListener
com/newbie/core/datasource/annotation/DS.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.annotation.DS
com/newbie/core/datasource/crypt/CustomDecryptInputDTO.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.crypt.CustomDecryptInputDTO
com/newbie/core/event/spring/SpringBaseEvent.java
 com.newbie.core.event.spring.SpringBaseEvent
com/newbie/core/resttemplate/RestTemplateFactory.java
 com.newbie.core.resttemplate.RestTemplateFactory
org/springframework/boot/env/OriginTrackedPropertiesLoader.java
 org.springframework.boot.env.OriginTrackedPropertiesLoader
 org.springframework.boot.env.OriginTrackedPropertiesLoader$CharacterReader
com/newbie/core/annotations/ApplicationService.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.ApplicationService
com/newbie/core/datasource/aop/Binder.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.aop.Binder
com/newbie/core/log/LogbackProperties.java
 com.newbie.core.log.LogbackProperties
com/newbie/core/dubbo/validation/DubboProviderValidation.java
 com.newbie.core.dubbo.validation.DubboProviderValidation
com/newbie/common/api/ResultCode.java
 com.newbie.common.api.ResultCode
com/newbie/core/resttemplate/RestTemplateDecorator.java
 com.newbie.core.resttemplate.RestTemplateDecorator
com/newbie/core/annotations/DomainRepository.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.DomainRepository
com/newbie/core/annotations/DomainSpecification.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.DomainSpecification
com/newbie/core/datasource/crypt/DssDecryptService.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.crypt.DssDecryptService
com/newbie/core/dubbo/DubboDataSourceChangeWrapper.java
 com.newbie.core.dubbo.DubboDataSourceChangeWrapper
com/newbie/core/annotations/DomainValueObject.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.DomainValueObject
com/newbie/core/annotations/DeletedId.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.DeletedId
com/newbie/core/config/NewbieBootBasicProperties.java
 com.newbie.core.config.NewbieBootBasicProperties
 com.newbie.core.config.NewbieBootBasicProperties$Datasource
 com.newbie.core.config.NewbieBootBasicProperties$DatasourceTracker
 com.newbie.core.config.NewbieBootBasicProperties$Tomcat
com/newbie/swagger/Knife4jAutoConfiguration.java
 com.newbie.swagger.Knife4jAutoConfiguration
com/newbie/core/datasource/aop/DataSourceForWebFilter.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.aop.DataSourceForWebFilter
com/newbie/initializer/NewbieBootContextInitializer.java
 com.newbie.initializer.NewbieBootContextInitializer
com/newbie/common/api/CommonPage.java
 com.newbie.common.api.CommonPage
com/newbie/core/datasource/util/SQLFormatter.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.util.SQLFormatter
 com.newbie.core.datasource.util.SQLFormatter$FormatProcess
com/newbie/core/resttemplate/RestTemplateHeaderModifierInterceptor.java
 com.newbie.core.resttemplate.RestTemplateHeaderModifierInterceptor
com/newbie/core/datasource/crypt/DssResultDTO.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.crypt.DssResultDTO
com/newbie/core/datasource/aop/DynamicDataSourceAspect.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.aop.DynamicDataSourceAspect
com/newbie/core/dubbo/validation/DubboProviderValidator.java
 com.newbie.core.dubbo.validation.DubboProviderValidator
com/newbie/core/monitor/p6spy/P6spyProperties.java
 com.newbie.core.monitor.p6spy.P6spyProperties
com/newbie/core/conventions/ApplicationService.java
 com.newbie.core.conventions.ApplicationService
com/newbie/core/persistent/mybaits/CommonMapper.java
 com.newbie.core.persistent.mybaits.CommonMapper
com/newbie/common/api/JsonResult.java
 com.newbie.common.api.JsonResult
com/newbie/core/conventions/DomainService.java
 com.newbie.core.conventions.DomainService
com/newbie/core/monitor/p6spy/P6spyAutoConfiguration.java
 com.newbie.core.monitor.p6spy.P6spyAutoConfiguration
com/newbie/core/persistent/mybaits/SelectByPage.java
 com.newbie.core.persistent.mybaits.SelectByPage
com/newbie/core/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java
 com.newbie.core.exception.GlobalExceptionHandler
com/newbie/core/event/EventHandler.java
 com.newbie.core.event.EventHandler
com/newbie/core/datasource/DynamicDataSourceContextHolder.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.DynamicDataSourceContextHolder
com/newbie/swagger/Knife4jConfiguration.java
 com.newbie.swagger.Knife4jConfiguration
com/newbie/core/schedule/CleanTomcatTmpFileTask.java
 com.newbie.core.schedule.CleanTomcatTmpFileTask
com/newbie/autoconfigure/NewBieBootInfraAutoConfiguration.java
 com.newbie.autoconfigure.NewBieBootInfraAutoConfiguration
com/newbie/core/datasource/jdbctemplate/DynamicJdbcTemplateManager.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.jdbctemplate.DynamicJdbcTemplateManager
com/newbie/context/NewbieBootContext.java
 com.newbie.context.NewbieBootContext
com/newbie/core/entity/SelfRef.java
 com.newbie.core.entity.SelfRef
com/newbie/core/datasource/jdbctemplate/JdbcTemplateManager.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.jdbctemplate.JdbcTemplateManager
com/newbie/core/event/EventBus.java
 com.newbie.core.event.EventBus
com/newbie/constants/ServiceVersion.java
 com.newbie.constants.ServiceVersion
com/newbie/context/EnvironmentCustomizer.java
 com.newbie.context.EnvironmentCustomizer
com/newbie/core/datasource/crypt/DssDecryptInputDTO.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.crypt.DssDecryptInputDTO
com/newbie/context/UserInfoManager.java
 com.newbie.context.UserInfoManager
com/newbie/core/config/GlobalReturnConfiguration.java
 com.newbie.core.config.GlobalReturnConfiguration
com/newbie/core/entity/AggregateRoot.java
 com.newbie.core.entity.AggregateRoot
com/newbie/core/persistent/mybaits/CustomerSqlInjector.java
 com.newbie.core.persistent.mybaits.CustomerSqlInjector
com/newbie/common/api/IErrorCode.java
 com.newbie.common.api.IErrorCode
com/newbie/core/annotations/DeletedIds.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.DeletedIds
com/newbie/core/exception/Asserts.java
 com.newbie.core.exception.Asserts
com/newbie/core/entity/BaseDomainEntity.java
 com.newbie.core.entity.BaseDomainEntity
com/newbie/core/event/EventData.java
 com.newbie.core.event.EventData
com/newbie/core/annotations/DomainService.java
 com.newbie.core.annotations.DomainService
com/newbie/autoconfigure/NewBieApplicationConfiguration.java
 com.newbie.autoconfigure.NewBieApplicationConfiguration
com/newbie/core/datasource/aop/DataSourceForDubboFilter.java
 com.newbie.core.datasource.aop.DataSourceForDubboFilter
com/newbie/core/exception/ApiException.java
 com.newbie.core.exception.ApiException
